---------------------
-	OVERHAUL LIST	-
---------------------
1.) UI Overhaul
	Make everything look nicer and more readable
2.) Save/Load Features
	Self-explanatory
3.) Stratagems and Misc. Fixes
	Implement Stratagems properly
	Ensure Faction upgrades work the way they're supposed to
	The fixes on the rest of this list
4.) Custom Subfactions
	Add a new template setup to allow for custom factions
5.) More Game Systems
	The Biggest and Baddest
	Want to provide support for 10th and maybe 8th edition
	along with Horus Heresy and potentially Age of Sigmar (we'll see how the next edition handles list building when the time comes)

Models to add checks for Numeric Up Down controls:
	Death Guard Cultists
	Necron Warriors
	Hybrid Metamorphs
	InvaderATVs
	Sicarian Infiltrators
	Sicarian Ruststalkers
	Tactical Drones

Genestealer Cults has weird custom factions
	Add either more boxes or do a Checkbox system
		
Provide an error if a datasheet has not selected enough Psychic Powers

Implement the remianing unique stratagems for the following:
	Death Guard
	Necrons
	Adeptus Custodes
	GSC
	Space Marines
	Aeldari
	Harlequins
	Tyranids
	Mechanicus
	T'au
	
Space Marines has limits on what each unit can take depending on subchapter. Most of the time, this isn't a problem. The following have a codex supplement that adds/changes their rosters:
	Black Templars
	Dark Angels
	Blood Angels
	
Prohibit selecting the same custom faction trait

Space Marines
	Intercessor Sergeant has some wierd options, will have to go back and add restrictions where nessecary
	
Hybrid Metamorphs needs to be visited when the location and sizing rework is ready
	Atalan Jackals

Need to Fix the custom faction stuff, it doesn't seem to working

Fix Named Characters? Some named Characters belong to specific subfactions, and technically if they contain a different subfaction keyword than they invalidate the detachment.
	Finish fixing Warlord traits for Necrons

Compare Primaris Lieutenant and Primaris Captain
	They have annoyingly complicated options, so going to need some testing for it
	
Select Lists show the additional point values of wargear (where/when applicable)

T'au Piranhas hide Seeker Missiles; may want to be looked at
Broadsides have some weapons restrictions
	Fix it
	How to display it?

Riptide template is adequate, but could be better. Take a look?
	Maybe a ListBox control would help

Not super happy with how Nemesis Dreadknights are, maybe a re-look at?
	Also, Dreadknights can't take the same weapon twice, but haven't figured out how to do that yet
	
Blood Angels Assault Squad adds Meltagun and Plasma Gun to the two Assault Marines option in the Wargear options

Lords of Commorragh has relics and warlord traits that only they can have

Need to come back to Drukhari once I figure out how to implement the 
variety of subfactions since Drukhari are just special like that

Adepta Sororitas has the Sacred Rites ability. Do I want to implement that as well?

Need to implement the relics for Drukhari, Deathwatch, Space Wolves